Add Docs for Copy Goal and Sample for File/Directory Copy (#1)
mabrarov/docker-maven-plugin: samples/copy-from-container/README.md

# Docker Maven Plugin Copy Sample

This is a plain maven application used to demonstrate how to copy files or directories from container using `docker:copy` goal

## How to Build?
You can compile the project as usual maven command:
```

> mvn clean install

Reviewer: There is no need of using `install` goal (spoiling local maven repository):

```suggestion
mvn clean package
```

```

## Copying File from Container to Local Host
We have a `Copy-File` profile which copies `/etc/hosts` file from container to your `/tmp` directory. It has executions set up for `start`,`copy`,`stop` goals so they will be activated when you build using the specified profile. In order to run it, use this command:
```

> mvn clean install -PCopy-File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ mvn clean package -P copy-file
```

```

> Once command finishes successfully, try checking your `/tmp` directory to see file got created or not. If everything goes okay, you should be able to see output like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once command finishes successfully, try checking "target" directory to see if the file got created or not. If everything goes okay, you should be able to see output like this:
```

```

> copy-from-container : $ ls /tmp/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ls target
hosts
$ cat target/hosts
```

hosts  hsperfdata_rohaan
copy-from-container : $ cat /tmp/hosts 
127.0.0.1 localhost
::1 localhost ip6-localhost ip6-loopback
fe00::0 ip6-localnet
ff00::0 ip6-mcastprefix
ff02::1 ip6-allnodes
ff02::2 ip6-allrouters
172.17.0.3  80dd81263592
```

> 

Reviewer: We could add a note about usage of d-m-p external configuration, like:

> Docker Maven Plugin [external configuration](http://dmp.fabric8.io/#external-configuration) can be used to define entries which need to be coped, e.g.:
> 
> ```
> $ mvn clean package -Pcopy-file \
>     -Ddocker.imagePropertyConfiguration=override \
>     -Ddocker.name=alpine \
>     -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.containerPath=/etc/os-release \
>     -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.hostDirectory=target \
>     -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.containerPath=/etc/hostname \
>     -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.hostDirectory=target
> ...
> $ ls target
> hostname  os-release
> $ cat target/hostname
> f1387e0c6253
> $ cat target/os-release
> NAME="Alpine Linux"
> ID=alpine
> VERSION_ID=3.13.2
> PRETTY_NAME="Alpine Linux v3.13"
> HOME_URL="https://alpinelinux.org/"
> BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.alpinelinux.org/"
> ```

# Docker Maven Plugin Copy Sample

This is a plain maven project used to demonstrate how to copy files or directories from container using `docker:copy` goal

> ## Copying File from Container to Local Host

Reviewer: I don't know if d-m-p has any standard for Markdown formatting, but I appreciate if we could use the following rules:

1. Keep one empty line before bock of code (if it's not the first line of file).
1. Keep one empty line before (if it's not the first line of file) and after each header.
1. File ends with one empty line.

````suggestion
## Copying File from Container to Local Host

We have a `copy-file` profile which copies `/etc/hosts` file from container to your project build directory.
It has executions set up for `start`, `copy` and `stop` goals, so they will be activated when you build using the specified profile.
In order to run it, use this command:

```
$ mvn clean package -Pcopy-file
```

Once command finishes successfully, try checking your `target` directory to see if the file got created or not.
If everything goes okay, you should be able to see output like this:

```
$ ls target
hosts  
$ cat target/hosts
127.0.0.1 localhost
::1 localhost ip6-localhost ip6-loopback
fe00::0 ip6-localnet
ff00::0 ip6-mcastprefix
ff02::1 ip6-allnodes
ff02::2 ip6-allrouters
172.17.0.3  80dd81263592
```

Docker Maven Plugin external configuration can be used to define entries which need to be coped, e.g.:

```
$ mvn clean package -Pcopy-file \
    -Ddocker.imagePropertyConfiguration=override \
    -Ddocker.name=alpine \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.containerPath=/etc/os-release \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.hostDirectory=target \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.containerPath=/etc/hostname \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.hostDirectory=target
...
$ ls target
hostname  os-release
$ cat target/hostname
f1387e0c6253
$ cat target/os-release
NAME="Alpine Linux"
ID=alpine
VERSION_ID=3.13.2
PRETTY_NAME="Alpine Linux v3.13"
HOME_URL="https://alpinelinux.org/"
BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.alpinelinux.org/"
```

## Copying Directory from Container to Local Host

We have a `copy-directory` profile which copies `/dev` directory from container to your `target` directory.
It has `createContainers=true` with which plugin copies from a temporary (created, but not started) container instead of copying from the standard container (e.g. created and started by `start` goal).
In order to run it, use this command:

...
````

> We have a `copy-file` profile which copies `/etc/hosts` file from container to your project build directory. It has executions set up for `start`,`copy`,`stop` goals so they will be activated when you build using the specified profile. In order to run it, use this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a `copy-file` profile which copies `/etc/hosts` file from container to your project build directory.
It has executions set up for `start`, `copy` and `stop` goals, so they will be activated when you build using the specified profile.
In order to run it, use this command:
```

Once command finishes successfully, try checking your `target` directory to see if the file got created or not. If everything goes okay, you should be able to see output like this:
```
copy-from-container : $ ls target
hosts  
copy-from-container : $ cat target/hosts
127.0.0.1 localhost
::1 localhost ip6-localhost ip6-loopback
fe00::0 ip6-localnet
ff00::0 ip6-mcastprefix
ff02::1 ip6-allnodes
ff02::2 ip6-allrouters
172.17.0.3  80dd81263592
```
Docker Maven Plugin external configuration can be used to define entries which need to be coped, e.g.:

```
$ mvn clean package -Pcopy-file \
    -Ddocker.imagePropertyConfiguration=override \
    -Ddocker.name=alpine \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.containerPath=/etc/os-release \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.hostDirectory=target \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.containerPath=/etc/hostname \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.hostDirectory=target
...
$ ls target
hostname  os-release
$ cat target/hostname
f1387e0c6253
$ cat target/os-release
NAME="Alpine Linux"
ID=alpine
VERSION_ID=3.13.2
PRETTY_NAME="Alpine Linux v3.13"
HOME_URL="https://alpinelinux.org/"
BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.alpinelinux.org/"
```

## Copying Directory from Container to Local Host

> We have a `copy-directory` profile which copies `/dev` directory from container to your `target` directory. It has `createContainers=true` with which plugin copies from a temporary(created, but not started) container instead of copying from the standard container. In order to run it, use this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a `copy-directory` profile which copies `/dev` directory from container to your `target` directory.
It has `createContainers=true` with which plugin copies from a temporary (created, but not started) container instead of copying from the standard container (e.g. created and started by `start` goal).
In order to run it, use this command:
```

# Docker Maven Plugin Copy Sample

> This is a plain maven application used to demonstrate how to copy files or directories from container using `docker:copy` goal

Reviewer: "maven application" -> "maven project"?

> ## How to Build?

Reviewer: To be honest I don't see a need in this section, because `package` does nothing for this sample. I'd omit it to reduce this README till essential part.

Once command finishes successfully, try checking your `target` directory to see if the file got created or not. If everything goes okay, you should be able to see output like this:
```
copy-from-container : $ ls target
hosts  
copy-from-container : $ cat target/hosts
127.0.0.1 localhost
::1 localhost ip6-localhost ip6-loopback
fe00::0 ip6-localnet
ff00::0 ip6-mcastprefix
ff02::1 ip6-allnodes
ff02::2 ip6-allrouters
172.17.0.3  80dd81263592
```
Docker Maven Plugin external configuration can be used to define entries which need to be coped, e.g.:

```
$ mvn clean package -Pcopy-file \
    -Ddocker.imagePropertyConfiguration=override \
    -Ddocker.name=alpine \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.containerPath=/etc/os-release \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.1.hostDirectory=target \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.containerPath=/etc/hostname \
    -Ddocker.copy.entries.2.hostDirectory=target
...
$ ls target
hostname  os-release
$ cat target/hostname
f1387e0c6253
$ cat target/os-release
NAME="Alpine Linux"
ID=alpine
VERSION_ID=3.13.2
PRETTY_NAME="Alpine Linux v3.13"
HOME_URL="https://alpinelinux.org/"
BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.alpinelinux.org/"
```

## Copying Directory from Container to Local Host

> We have a `copy-directory` profile which copies `/dev` directory from container to your `/tmp` directory. It has `createContainers=true` with which plugin copies from a temporary(created, but not started) container instead of copying from the standard container. In order to run it, use this command:

Reviewer: `/tmp` directory is not used by this example anymore, does it?

```
$ mvn clean package -Pcopy-directory
```
Once command finishes successfully, try checking your `target` directory to see file got created or not. If everything goes okay, you should be able to see output like this:
```
copy-from-container : $ ls target

> dev  hosts 

Reviewer: `hosts` file looks excessive, because `clean` goal should remove it (if it is created by previous command - by `mvn clean package -Pcopy-file`):

```suggestion
dev
```
